Translation corrections (#488)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_002.txt

//r奥野長官は現在与党内で最大勢力の派閥を持つ、重鎮の議員だ。事実、現在の閣僚の面子を見渡しても、彼の子飼いが重要ポストを占めている。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "奥野長官は現在与党内で最大勢力の派閥を持つ、重鎮の議員だ。事実、現在の閣僚の面子を見渡しても、彼の子飼いが重要ポストを占めている。",

> 			NULL, "Secretary Okuno was a leading authority of the largest faction of the current ruling party. In fact, his proteges occupied important posts in the present cabinet.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Secretary Okuno was a leading authority in the largest faction of the current ruling party. In fact, his proteges occupied important posts in the present cabinet.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rそれだけに発言力も高く、…内閣に及ぼす影響は多大なものがあった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それだけに発言力も高く、…内閣に及ぼす影響は多大なものがあった。",
			NULL, "That was testament to his influential voice... and his tremendous influence on the cabinet.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rまた、今回の大災害ではもと防衛庁出身ということもあり、対策本部の運営や記者会見の対応などで連日奔走していたそうだ。その無理が祟ったということだろうか…？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "また、今回の大災害ではもと防衛庁出身ということもあり、対策本部の運営や記者会見の対応などで連日奔走していたそうだ。その無理が祟ったということだろうか…？",

> 			NULL, "Also, as a former employee of the Defense Agency, he'd worked nonstop day after day to manage the task force and hold press conferences in the wake of the recent disaster. Could his overwork has taken its toll...?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Also, as a former employee of the Defense Agency, he'd worked nonstop day after day to manage the task force and hold press conferences in the wake of the recent disaster. Could his overwork have taken its toll...?", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " He was hospitalized, but we don't know what for.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s08/00/vt2b_kanou1024", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "また過労で絶対安静、というわりには派閥の議員たちが秘密裏に病院を往来している」",

> 			NULL, " Also, for someone bedridden for overworking, there sure are a lot of his faction members secretly going in and out of the hospital.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Also, for someone bedridden from overwork, he sure has a lot of his faction members secretly going in and out of the hospital.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r確かに、おかしい。単なる入院の見舞いであれば、秘密にする必要はないはずだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "確かに、おかしい。単なる入院の見舞いであれば、秘密にする必要はないはずだ。",

> 			NULL, "It was definitely suspicious. If it were just a standard hospital visit, there would be no need to keep them secret.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It was definitely suspicious. If these were just standard hospital visits, there would be no need to keep them secret.", Line_Normal);
```

//rその上、子飼いの議員たちを招集しての密談…。ひょっとすれば病気を名目にして、情報がマスコミなどに漏れないよう封鎖を行っていることも考えられた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その上、子飼いの議員たちを招集しての密談…。ひょっとすれば病気を名目にして、情報がマスコミなどに漏れないよう封鎖を行っていることも考えられた。",
			NULL, "What's more, he called his proteges there... Maybe this illness it just a farce to prevent the information from leaking to the media.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r嘉納さんは二本目の煙草に火をつけながら、考え込むように目を伏せる。言われた通り、奥野長官の動向は急病で運び込まれた人間にしては、不審さが感じられた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "嘉納さんは二本目の煙草に火をつけながら、考え込むように目を伏せる。言われた通り、奥野長官の動向は急病で運び込まれた人間にしては、不審さが感じられた。",

> 			NULL, "Kanou-san pensively looked down while lighting a second cigarette. As he said, Secretary Okuno's was acting suspicious for someone who'd supposedly been suddenly hospitalized.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Kanou-san pensively looked down while lighting a second cigarette. Just as he said, Secretary Okuno was acting suspicious for someone who'd supposedly been suddenly hospitalized.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"...In any case, Secretary Okuno seems to have several ties with strange organizations.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s08/00/vt2b_kanou1029", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "明日から私は室長の命令で、奥野派の動向について監視を行うことになった」",

> 			NULL, " So, starting tomorrow, the Director has ordered me to monitor the actions of the Okuno faction.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " So, starting tomorrow, the Director has ordered me to monitor the activities of the Okuno faction.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r特に、その対象は特殊技術者…未曾有の事態にも対処できるようなベテランが多かったという。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "特に、その対象は特殊技術者…未曾有の事態にも対処できるようなベテランが多かったという。",

> 			NULL, "Paerticularly specialized technicians... Many of them were veterans who could handle even unprecedented situations.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Particularly specialized technicians... Many of them were veterans who could handle even unprecedented situations.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " ...It pains me to say this, but there are very few investigators I can trust this matter with.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s08/00/vt2b_kanou1069", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "理由は、…わかるだろう？」",
			NULL, " You... understand the reason, right?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r苦渋の表情を浮かべながら、嘉納さんは目配せする。…それは、つい先日私と彼のグループが合同で当たっていた、大規模な疑惑の件を指しているのだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "苦渋の表情を浮かべながら、嘉納さんは目配せする。…それは、つい先日私と彼のグループが合同で当たっていた、大規模な疑惑の件を指しているのだろう。",

> 			NULL, "Kanou-san glanced at me with a bitter expression. ...He's probably referring to those large-scale allegations me and his grouped worked on together the other day.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Kanou-san glanced at me with a bitter expression. ...He was probably referring to those large-scale allegations that our groups worked together on the other day.", Line_Normal);
```

//r結局、毎年起こる事実に驚愕しながらも傍観しているしかなかった私が、結果的にはガス災害の発生を許し、古手梨花を殺してしまったのではないか…？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "結局、毎年起こる事実に驚愕しながらも傍観しているしかなかった私が、結果的にはガス災害の発生を許し、古手梨花を殺してしまったのではないか…？",

> 			NULL, "In the end, I was astonished to learn that it happened every year, but all I could do was nothing except sit idly by. And as a result, did I allow the gas disaster to occur and claim Rika Furude's life...?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "In the end, I was astonished to learn that it happened every year, yet I did nothing except sit idly by. And as a result, did I allow the gas disaster to occur and claim Rika Furude's life...?", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100163", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「さぁ。",

> 			NULL, "\"No clue,", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"No clue.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//rそれでも、ひとつだけ明らかになったのは…ガス災害は予知されていた、という可能性が『ゼロ』ではなかった、ということだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それでも、ひとつだけ明らかになったのは…ガス災害は予知されていた、という可能性が『ゼロ』ではなかった、ということだった。",

> 			NULL, "Still, the one thing I could conclude from all this... was that the probability that this gas disaster was predicted was greater than <i>zero</i>.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Still, the one thing I could conclude from all this... was that the probability that someone could've predicted the gas disaster was greater than <i>zero</i>.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#797d8a>赤坂</color>", NULL, "<color=#797d8a>Akasaka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 13, "ps3/s08/13/321000292", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「ちょうど私も、雛見沢村について詳しく調べたいと思っていたんですよ。",

> 			NULL, "\"I was also just about to look more into Hinamizawa myself.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"I was just about to look more into Hinamizawa, myself.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r…模範的とは程遠い勤務態度で有名とはいえ、さすがに交通課の上司に対して横柄な口を利くほど、まどかは増長慢ではなかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…模範的とは程遠い勤務態度で有名とはいえ、さすがに交通課の上司に対して横柄な口を利くほど、まどかは増長慢ではなかった。",

> 			NULL, "...Even though she was infamous for her non-exemplary work ethic, Madoka wasn't so arrogant as to talk down her superior back at the transportation division.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...Even though she was infamous for her non-exemplary work ethic, Madoka wasn't so arrogant as to talk down to her superior back at the transportation division.", Line_Normal);
```

//r…言うまでもなくそれはつい先月、隣の県にまで犯人を追跡しすぎて戒告を食らった、『あの人』に対してだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…言うまでもなくそれはつい先月、隣の県にまで犯人を追跡しすぎて戒告を食らった、『あの人』に対してだった。",

> 			NULL, "...It went without saying that it was directed at <i>her</i>, who was given a reprimand just last month for pursuing a suspect across prefectural borders.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...It went without saying that it was directed at <i>her</i>, who had been given a reprimand just last month for pursuing a suspect across prefectural borders.", Line_Normal);
```

//r相手はただのこそ泥で、単独犯。犯行も突発的で事件性も低く、逮捕しても大きな手柄にはならないことはすぐに想像できて、実際そうなった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "相手はただのこそ泥で、単独犯。犯行も突発的で事件性も低く、逮捕しても大きな手柄にはならないことはすぐに想像できて、実際そうなった。",

> 			NULL, "The perpetrator was just a single-offender petty thief. It was a sudden and insignificant crime, yet it ended up becoming a much bigger deal than it should have been.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The perpetrator was just a single-offender petty thief. It was a sudden and insignificant crime, yet it ended up becoming a much bigger deal than it needed to be.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200030", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「だいたい、１年間黙って座っているだけでも偉くなれる肩書きなのに。",

> 			NULL, "\"Besides, she can achieve a good position if she can just stay quiet for the next year...", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Besides, she can achieve a great promotion if she can just stay quiet for the next year...", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200031", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "なんで厄介ごとを背負い込むのかな、あの人は…」",
			NULL, " So why does she have to burden herself with such trouble...?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r思わず、ため息が出る。出したくもなる。まどかに言わせれば才能と努力を無駄遣いして、盛大に空回りしているようにしか思えなかった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "思わず、ため息が出る。出したくもなる。まどかに言わせれば才能と努力を無駄遣いして、盛大に空回りしているようにしか思えなかった。",

> 			NULL, "Madoka suddenly sighed. From her perspective, <i>she</i> was just squandering her talents and efforts, as well as spinning her wheels way too hard.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Madoka suddenly sighed. From her perspective, <i>she</i> was just squandering her talents and efforts, while spinning her wheels way too hard.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200032", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…父さん譲りかな、あの性格は」",
			NULL, "\"...Guess she inherited that passion from Dad.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r思い出す。父親も確かに、見返りを気にしない人だった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "思い出す。父親も確かに、見返りを気にしない人だった。",

> 			NULL, "Madoka thought back. Her father was definitely the sort of person who didn't care about getting rewarded.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Madoka thought back. Her father definitely wasn't the sort of person who cared about rewards.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r非番中でも困った人を見かけると、骨を折ることを惜しまずに尽くして、…時には割の合わない目にも遭っていた気がする。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "非番中でも困った人を見かけると、骨を折ることを惜しまずに尽くして、…時には割の合わない目にも遭っていた気がする。",

> 			NULL, "If he saw a person in trouble he'd break his bones trying to help, even when he wasn't on duty... and occasionally would go through some incidents that didn't seem worth it.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "If he saw a person in trouble he'd break his bones trying to help, even when he wasn't on duty... and from time to time, he'd go through some incidents that didn't seem worth it.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200033", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "（それに警察官って、そんなに立派な仕事ですかねぇ…？）",

> 			NULL, "(And is being a police officer really such a upstanding job...?)", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "(And is being a police officer really such an upstanding job...?)", Line_Normal);
```

//rまぁ、『あの人』と喧嘩してからずっと彼女自身も機嫌の悪さを撒き散らしていたから、おそらく山沖署長の頼みで仲直りの機会を、と気を回してくれているのだとはわかっている。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "まぁ、『あの人』と喧嘩してからずっと彼女自身も機嫌の悪さを撒き散らしていたから、おそらく山沖署長の頼みで仲直りの機会を、と気を回してくれているのだとはわかっている。",

> 			NULL, "Well, <i>she</i> was still in a bad mood from their earlier quarrel, so Chief Yamaoki had had probably asked him to set this up to give them a chance to make up.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Well, <i>she</i> was still in a bad mood from their earlier quarrel, so Chief Yamaoki had probably asked him to set this up to give them a chance to make up.", Line_Normal);
```

//rしかも、これだけ必死に教え諭しても、運転免許を取ったときにはねっ返りが、必ず一人以上出てくる。…さっきのバカたれのように。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "しかも、これだけ必死に教え諭しても、運転免許を取ったときにはねっ返りが、必ず一人以上出てくる。…さっきのバカたれのように。",

> 			NULL, "Besides, no matter how hard you try to teach them, there's always at least one person who'll rebound once they get their driver's license exam. ...Like that idiot driver earlier.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Besides, no matter how hard you try to teach them, there's always at least one person who'll rebound once they get through their driver's license exam. ...Like that idiot driver earlier.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200037", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "（さっさと署に帰って、早引けするか仮眠室で横になりたいっての）",
			NULL, "(I want to go back to the station and head to the break room right away.)", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rまして、こんなヘロヘロ状態で『あの人』と喧嘩の仲直りしろ、なんて冗談を通り越してむしろ嫌がらせにしか思えない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "まして、こんなヘロヘロ状態で『あの人』と喧嘩の仲直りしろ、なんて冗談を通り越してむしろ嫌がらせにしか思えない。",

> 			NULL, "Besides, being told to make up with <i>her</i> in this totally exhausted state went beyond a joke and sounded like nothing but harrassment to Madoka.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Besides, being told to make up with <i>her</i> in this totally exhausted state went beyond a joke and sounded like nothing but harassment to Madoka.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r口を開いたところで不機嫌な気分のまま、素直に謝罪なんて出るわけもない。せいぜい、皮肉か嫌味が出てくるのが関の山で、余計にこじれるのが目に見えている…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "口を開いたところで不機嫌な気分のまま、素直に謝罪なんて出るわけもない。せいぜい、皮肉か嫌味が出てくるのが関の山で、余計にこじれるのが目に見えている…。",

> 			NULL, "She would be in a bad mood the moment she opened her mouth, and it would be difficult to get an apology out. It was readily apparent that she'd just fire barbs and sarcasm, only souring things more...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "She would be in a bad mood the moment she opened her mouth, and it would be difficult to get an apology out. It was readily apparent that she'd just fire barbs and sarcasm, souring things even more...", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"This is a patrol car, not a taxi.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200039", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "空港なんだし、タクシーチケット切らせて経理課で出せばいいじゃない。",

> 			NULL, " It's an airport, so why not just hand over a ticket stub and bring it to the accounting department?", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " It's an airport, so why not just hail a taxi and send the receipt to the accounting department?", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"Y-yeah... but...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200047", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "——じゃ、なくて！」",

> 			NULL, " Wait, no!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Well, no!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200064", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「十三回忌は、この前過ぎちゃったけどね」",
			NULL, "\"We've already passed the 12th anniversary of his death, though.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

	DrawScene("background/sora2", 1000 );

//rまったく、…呆れるほどの真面目さだと、まどかは思う。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "まったく、…呆れるほどの真面目さだと、まどかは思う。",

> 			NULL, "\"Seriously... it's atonishing just how diligent she is.\" Madoka thought.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Seriously... it's astonishing just how diligent she is.\" Madoka thought.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"About before,", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500200", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "つまんないことなのに、大人げなかったわ。",

> 			NULL, " For being so immature over something so insignificant.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " for being so immature over something so insignificant.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"Why did Dad come to Kakiuchi airport 12 years ago?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500207", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　そしてメモになんで、そのことだけを残していたんだろう？」",
			NULL, " And why was that all he left behind in his notes?\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//巴rvS08/28/320500208.「…毎年ここに来て、色んな資料を見て調べたのに、全然そのことがわからない…」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500208", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…毎年ここに来て、色んな資料を見て調べたのに、全然そのことがわからない…」",

> 			NULL, "\"...I come here every year and research all sorts of documents, but I don't understand at all...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...I come here every year, and I've researched all sorts of documents, but I don't understand at all...\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//まどかrvS08/29/321200077.「…ただのメモ書きだったんでしょ？kvS08/29/321200078.　それに６月だって言っても、１２年前と今とじゃ同じはずないじゃない。kvS08/29/321200079.わかるほうがおかしいわよ」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a4856e>まどか</color>", NULL, "<color=#a4856e>Madoka</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200077", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「…ただのメモ書きだったんでしょ？",
			NULL, "\"...Wasn't it just a note?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200078", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　それに６月だって言っても、１２年前と今とじゃ同じはずないじゃない。",
			NULL, " Even if it says June, that was 12 years ago so it can't matter anymore.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 29, "ps3/s08/29/321200079", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "わかるほうがおかしいわよ」",

> 			NULL, " It'd be weirder if you actually did find something out as a result.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " It'd be weirder if you actually did discover something from it.\"", Line_Normal);
```
